this video filmed secretly from high
above shifa Hospital grounds in Northern
Gaza shows Israel soldiers wrapping and
loading Palestinian bodies to be sent to
Israel that's according to witness
statements made to human rights groups
saying the bodies were collected from
inside the hospital a morg and a mass
grave it's the first video evidence of
Israeli troops seizing bodies after
raiding 's largest hospital in November
at the time the director general of
gaza's Ministry of Health said in a
statement the Israeli Army abducted the
bodies in a car and a large truck taking
approximately 120
bodies the Israeli Army admitted taking
more than 350 Palestinian bodies only 3
months later saying this was to verify
if any of them were Israeli captives
the bodies were collected after Israel's
first major raid on shifa Hospital
thousands of terrified people fled from
Gaza City and headed south during an
intensified aerial
bombardment in mid November Israeli
soldiers entered the hospital saying
Hamas was using it as a command center
offering no verifiable evidence to back
their
claim fighting also raged around the
hospital leaving staff terrified to
leave and many staying behind to help
their patients including
children Israeli forces carried out a
second raid on shifa in March destroying
what's left of the
building un humanitarians assessing the
site described it as an empty shell in
the aftermath they also found Mass
graves in the courtyard and hundreds of
bodies some with signs of Mutilation
others decomposed beyond recognition
adding to the suffering of Palestinians
now even unable to bury and grieve their
loved ones luran Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer